Improve image component docs (#352)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/development/ux/images/_index.en.md

## Hosting images from apps

> If the image should be loaded from the app, you need to set up static hosting of files in the application (if you have an older app).

Reviewer: How about rather referring to the specific app version where it no longer is required? I guess this would be the date the template was made available in Altinn Studio. Let me know the PR that fixed this, and I'll get you the correct date.

Author: Great suggestion. And 👍 for offering help to figure out the date. The link is in the PR description, and as it is not merged (yet) it is hard to know the date. We should update when a date/version is available.

Reviewer 2: @ivarne 
Could you update this text to something like 
```
If the image should be loaded from the app, you need to set up static hosting of files in the application. This is automatically set up for applications created from template version 3.19.1 and newer. For older applications, you should follow the steps below.
```
After that, I think we can merge this.

Author: Great!

The version is wrong, because this should be tied to the version of altinn-studio that was used to initialize the app, not the version of app-frontend. I'm still in the dark when the next version of sudio will be deployed, but I think this language might work.

```suggestion
If the image should be loaded from the app, you need to set up static hosting of files in the application. This is automatically set up for applications created after december 2021. For older applications, you should follow the steps below.
```

Reviewer 2: This looks good enough to me. WDYT @acn-sbuad ?

This is configured in _App/Startup.cs_, in the _Configure_ method. This will host all files that is inside the `/app/wwwroot` folder. If this folder does not exist, it needs to be created.
If you want to refer to the file `app/wwwroot/bilde_nb.png` it can be reached at the following relative url `/org/app-name/bilde_nb.png`

_applicationId_ is a variable from a few lines above containing _org/app-name_ from `applicationmetadata.json`:

```C# {linenos=false,hl_lines=[5]}
public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IWebHostEnvironment env)
  {
    // ...
    app.UseRouting();

>     app.UseStaticFiles('/' + applicationId);

Reviewer: Application developers are free to modify startup as they see fit, so I would prefer being explicit here. There is no guarantee that we don't update the variable name ourselves or move the swagger config elsewhere in the future. <

Author: So, how will the story on copying apps be then? For some apps we will need a new name every year in order to make some small changes. I'd prefer if `org/app-name` wasn't hard coded everywhere.

Reviewer: Isn't this only an issue for older applications though? For new apps this configuration will already be in place and use the applicationId variable. Just thinking the doc should be explicit for those having to do the steps manually.

Reviewer 2: I think encouraging to use variables for this makes sense, so would be good to keep the example like in this PR. For anyone needing to add this manually, it is explained a couple lines above what the variable contains - I think that should be enough.
